---
layout: post
title: Bakeries in San Francisco
date: 2024-05-01 00:32:13
description: The best bakeries in the Bay Area and what to get from them
tags: Bay Area, Bakeries
categories: personal
tabs: true
---

If you know me, you know I love me a good croissant. My love for bakeries is recent, and San Francisco is home to some incredible buttery pastries.


## Best Bakeries in the Bay

{% tabs bakery-list %}

{% tab bakery-list Arsicault %}

Depends on which location you go to:

- McAllister/Civic Center: The blackberry-hazelnut-almond croissant is absolutely worth the risk. Parking is a little difficult, but even the sandwiches are fantastic (because the baguette is fantastic).
- Arguello: Smaller offering, but can't go wrong with the almond. The other little knick-knacks are great too (financiers are decadent and great to share, and so are the shortbreads). If you go on Sundays, the Clement Street Farmers' Market is great to hit up as well.

{% endtab %}

{% tab bakery-list Day Moon %}

My absolute favorite bakery. Period. Their scone ingredients are always surprising but they never miss. The baguette sandwiches on weekends are maybe the best in the area. Their iced mochas are a must try as well (they never give me their recipe).

{% endtab %}

{% tab bakery-list Juniper %}

Great new bakery. They've even won awards for the best croissant: super crunchy on the outside. Their cubano croissant is something I could eat everyday, and their mochas are great too. Great spot, but parking could be a slight issue here.

{% endtab %}


{% endtabs %}